---
title: The New DomaHub Dashboard
date: 2017-11-13 13:45:32
tags: [Exciting, New, Interesting, Fun]
subtitle: Introducing some nifty new features.
categories:
- Blog Post
---

<!-- more -->

## Bulk updating, new dashboard, and more!

Today, we’re happy to introduce a major update to DomaHub that gives our users even more useful tools and features. We’d like to introduce you to the new DomaHub Dashboard.

### The New DomaHub Dashboard
The Dashboard is where you can get information about your domains at a glance. We have big plans in store for this page and can’t wait to show you (traffic stats incoming!).
With the Dashboard, we’re also introducing a revamped My Listings page and a Premium referral program.

## Revamped My Listings Page
A major pain point for domain owners is the ability to do things in bulk. Since we’re dealing with thousands and thousands of domains, editing things one at a time can become tiresome or down-right impossible.
Editing multiple listings at once!Hence we’re introducing a new way to edit all of your listing details in bulk. It’s as simple as selecting the domains you want to edit and editing them using our listing editor.

## Premium Referral Program
Finally, we’re also introducing a new referral program. Every DomaHub user gets a unique referral link tied to their username.
When a new user signs up for a Premium account using your unique signup link, both you and the new user will receive one free month of DomaHub Premium. There are no limits to how many free months you can refer as many people as you want to!

With these new updates, we hope to improve the usability of our product and have many more updates planned for the upcoming future! As always, if you have any questions or comments, please feel free to drop us a line.
If you want to learn more about what DomaHub can do for you, feel free to browse our features page or try out the free demo!
